RHDEVDOCS-6199 - Builds for OpenShift: Install and Config Documentation Obsolete (#84027)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ob-verifying-a-openshift-build-resource-cli.adoc

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// * installing/installing-openshift-builds.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ob-verifying-a-openshift-build-resource-cli.adoc_{context}"]
= Verifying a OpenshiftBuild resource by using CLI

> After installing the {builds-operator}, you must verify the `OpenshiftBuild` resource for proper functioning of the build controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing the {builds-operator}, you must verify the `OpenshiftBuild` resource to ensure the proper functioning of the build controller.
```

.Verification

> * Run the following command to verify that the `OpenshiftBuild` resource is now configured:

Author: Hi Michael, thanks for your inputs. I have updated the content and it needs QE review again.
